Welcome to Tanzania ! ? Citibank Poor Credit Cards
@AdamCSmith good idea ! chase and citibank have been the worst blood suckers for me , and I will be done with them real soon !
Add your signature to #citibank sucks page :
Almost had a heart attack looking at my Citibank Student Loan account . Turns out it was a false alarm 
Analysts Reports Show Continuing Concern About Bad Loans at Citibank ( NYSE : C ) , Bank of America Corp. ( NYSE : BAC ) , ...
And blow up and disappear to nothing . I 'm going to fucking chase ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Annoyed by citibank 's fees and lack of benefits .
Bad Credit Car Loans Related Article | Card Citibank Credit : Bad credit remortgage is the artefact for you if you ...
Bad Credit Car Loans Related Article | Card Citibank Credit : I am sure your quest for Bad Credit Car Loans has com ..
Bad Credit Cash Loans : Beat your Financial Crises | Card Citibank Bad Credit Cash Loans Online : Fast Cash in Need | Card Citibank Credit : Bad Credit Cash Loans Online : An Introduct ...
bad credit loans | Card Citibank Credit
Bad Credit Unsecured Personal Loans ? Chase , Citi , Capital One But No Bank of ...
Bad Credit Unsecured Personal Loans ? Chase , Citi , Capital One But No Bank of ... : Bad credit unsecured personal l ...
Bad news : Somebody in Hawaii charged porn to my credit card .
BAD PROFITS by Citibank 
Bank of America approved my application ! See ya later , Citibank , you fucking crooks !
@BillMcCabe I 've been going rounds with Comcast and Verizon customer service reps all week . I 've heard bad things about Citibank too .
@blah_blah_idc smdh I 'm about to call Obama and tell him to tell Citibank stop with the fucking overdraft fees ! ! !
Bodo lah CITIBANK ! Your service is CRAP ! ! ! !
Breaking Now ! Terrible service : I HAD a Citibank supplementary credit card under my father 's name but I rarely use ...
But their systems are so archaic , that they are customer unfriendly .. #citibank #fail
calling citibank to check the balance on a gift card . this line really sucks 
Can anyone confirm ? #Citibank #security #dataloss #fail #rumor #rumour
Car loan for the new and old ? Citibank Poor Credit Cards
Car loan for the new and old ? Citibank Poor Credit Cards : In India , auto loans for new cars , used cars and car pa ..
@charlestrippy The problem with Blippy reportedly impacts Citibank Mastercard holders , and no others . Still , a bad bug 
christinagan What are you switching to ? CitiBank sucks but they did not even ask why I was closing just gave me my money 
Citi card acct closed ; going through the last steps to close down Citi current acct ; then , I ' ll be free of the big bad bank .
Citibank , thank you for giving me wrong information so I walked all the way to the branch with all my change ...
Citibank , Thanks for letting me know you sent me a new card ( wrong address ) making the one in my wallet unusable  you know , fuck yourselves
Citibank : your customer service sucks .
Citibank , your student loan site is awful .
Citibank are ninjas at catching fraudulent charges .
Citibank bankers are accused of deceiving customers with the sale of Lehman Bros products 
#citibank called me back after the tedious process I went thru to submit a complaint on that blardy rude call centre staff 
citibank called to advise me to lower my credit limit , on a gold card I 've NEVER used , to protect me in tough econ times  from fraud #fail
Citibank charges a monthly fee on us poor people 
Citibank credit card customer service sucks beyond belief 
Citibank Credit Cards - What Weve Got Here is ? Failure to Communicate 
#citibank creditcard service sucks big time .
@citibank customer service poor
citibank #fail .... Worst customer experience ! ! ! !
Citibank Fraud detection absolutely sucks 
@citibank has the absolute worst customer service .
citibank has the worst credit cards ever .
CitiBank Identity Theft Commercial ? Citibank Poor Credit Cards
Citibank is my mortgage company . Well my past two pays were real crappy d/t taking care of family ?
Citibank is such a terrible bank with terrible customer service .
Citibank MasterCard is the worst credit card I 've ever had Do not trust the bank that never sleeps Lack of sleep makes it grumpy Dump Citi
Citibank may be picking my pocket w/fees , but their fraud dept. is on the job . The bad news is I 'm out an ATM card until Saturday 
CitiBank phone banking very slow ...
Citibank 's hotline is useless ..
Citibank 's internet banking is a usability disaster area 
Citibank 's internet banking is a usability disaster area . Coincidentally , it 's also a functionality disaster area 
Citibank sends me an annual Credit Card spending summary yet fails to list any of their 
citibank site is getting on my nerves 
#citibank telephone banking sucks
citibank_co_in does not allow you to login again , immediately after logout , unless you close your browser and restart it . #citibank #fail
Dear @citibank , thanks for blocking my card for my own safety . Be in another country without any fucking money is super safe
Dear #citibank , your website sucks because it does not allow me to view my statements on my mac because it will not detect acrobat reader
Do not ever take out any TJX credit card . It has the worst customer service .
ECR Citibank credit report information is reliable ? ? Citibank Poor ? : Citibank offers customers the opportunity t ...
Fraudulent Websites Alert - Citi Trust Bank Of Ghana
@fredlyfriendly #citibank has terrible customer service , high fees , and crappy management #MOVEYOURMONEY !
Free Credit Report ? Learn The Shocking Truth !
Fucking hate citibank and their fucking lying officers 
Fucking hate citibank and their fucking lying officers . FUCKING LIARS 
Got my euros ! : D but I 'm super disappointed with citibank !
GRRR ... Citibank has the most annoying customer service !
Hating Citibank ... they 've made some changes to their credit card systems and it is a nightmare of epic proportions .
Having a sunrise at c bean m Kiara . Cooling off after arguing w incompetent pol at citibank damansara perdana
Having nightmare with Citibank IVR system
heard a recording at work . great to know that citibank 's upper management are a bunch of rude pricks .
Hello credit union ... good bye fucking #citibank !
Home Loan - georgia bad credit home loan on Shine : georgia bad credit home loan citi bank home equity loan home lo .
Home Loan - georgia bad credit home loan on Shine : georgia bad credit home loan citi bank home equity loan home lo ...
hsbc #fail : inept customer service reps  NOT a &global& bank , intl wire transfers are a nightmare . poor boo 
I have been trying to login since today evening .. #citibank #fail
I joined Twitter just so that I could tell people how UNHELPFUL AND TERRIBLE CITIBANK IS .
I love it when a company gives me awful service and then sends me a satisfaction survey 
I really hate Citibank though we 've been their long-time client . Service is mediocre at best 
I said wrong number and hung up . economy so bad , you hire dyslexics ?
I think Citibank Philippines has a lousy call center .
I think Citibank Philippines has a lousy call center . I always get unprofessional customer service reps when I call them 
I 've been annoyed with citibank since e Annual Fees fiasco .
I 've just been a victim at Citibank . #customersrevice #fail
idiot from citibank called asking for CASTILA . I said wrong number and hung up 
IndianOil Citibank Titanium Credit Card - #citibank can tell the criteria for applying credit card even before filling out online form #fail
interesting error msg from #citibank Am I logged in or logged out ? #ux #usability #fail
It would appear that somebody in France was using my credit card info . Luckily , CitiBank protects against fraudulent baguette charges 
jesus , I may switch to chase sapphire simply bc citibank is annoying the hell out of me with not allowing me to skip to customer 
JRL is Sheikh-ing an Indian translator to help communicate by phone with the incompetent fucks at Citibank before ' He throws the towel in ' 
Just left Citibank Gold - Useless bunch .
@kellipoliska The worst Customer Service experience I ever received was definitely #Citibank
@libreriasjosue very bad service ... CITI bank is charging for everything , canceling credit lines , making people crazy !
Make sure you check your bill statement every month . They might add strange transactions to yr acct !
Make your opinion more visible and sign #citibank sucks page :
meetshriram Had worse experience with HSBC Bangalore and Citibank Bangalore during inward remittances ..
@meetshriram Had worse experience with HSBC Bangalore and Citibank Bangalore during inward remittances .. shifted to SBI Banks in India #fail
@Miss_PrisPris ... Had bad experinces with citi ..
my citibank account is all screwed up and my house was broken into over the weekend .
#news #mortgage Bad Credit Unsecured Personal Loans ? Chase , Citi , Capital One But No Bank of America Offers in May ?
Nice ! Customer service was useless .
Nice . Dumped Citibank cards after years for poor customer service .
No , I do not understand why a manager can not call me back . #citibank #fail
No customer service at Citibank . Lack of phone access to human .
no way to email or phone Citi 's techies to say their security cert on part of the web site has been failing for days - dbl #Citibank #fail
Not only does citibank fund more coal power plants than any other bank - they raise your interest rates  have terrible customer service .
Obama Sued Citibank Under CRA to Force it to Make Bad Loans : Do you remember how we told you that the Democrats an ...
Oh Citibank , why 'd you change the format of your website ? And whats up with these annoying advertisements sprinkled into my CC statement ? !
Old news but citibank 's customer service sucks ....
OMG Suzi Orman just confirmed . Citibank has the worst credit card percents 
On the phone with Citi bank credit card customer service , horrible customer service , rude support person 
one credit card balance paid off . take your exorbitant rates and shove them up your ass , citibank !
@OurDesignedLife honestly they are all shysters had bad expw/ hsbc - chase - boa - citibank - washmutual ...
Petron not so much . Whats annoying about shell : citibank credit card peddlers 
plus w exon ! All I can say is that poor citibank trader : (
@poojster very bad citi bank ke employees se ab yeh kaam karate hai , clowns pathetic @mac_outlaws
&The bank [ #citi ] said it has no evidence of a bad trade but is investigating the situation& CNBC
Really upset with @citibank new fee policy 
Received Citibank acknowledgment in envelope with Credit Card # in clear-text against my name in addressee window . Clear cut risk #citi #fail
RT @airplanetalk : @meetshriram Had worse experience with HSBC Bangalore and Citibank Bangalore during inward remittances ..
RT @airplanetalk : @meetshriram Had worse experience with HSBC Bangalore and Citibank Bangalore during inward remittances .. shifted to SBI Banks in India #fail
RT @FredlyFriendly : @fredlyfriendly #citibank has terrible customer service , high fees , and crappy management #MOVEYOURMONEY !
RT @harikrishnanc interesting error msg from #citibank Am I logged in or logged out ? #ux #usability #fail
RT @jeff_lamarche : Fucking citibank declined my iPad payment because it looked &suspicious& 
SCAMS : Citibank Scam ! ! ! ! : Scam are not always the actions of some anonymous bad guy .
Site Warning : There is too much unnecessary information on this banking site Citibank_com
So Citibank enter an incorrect amt compared to my chq ; chq goes back , they ask me to pay online , which I do , then they represent that chq ? !
Some say &never piss off a writer.& CitiBank 's lack co-operation is proof why you should not . We ' ll write bad reviews then 
Take a number , wait your fucking turn .
TAX-CREDITS gives &Real Estate investing& a FALSE sense of WEALTH.#Socialmedia #Nation #World #Digguser @slate #Icon #TPP #RS #Citibank #CSR
There is one benefit to Citibank 's TERRIBLE website 
Time to shop for a bank . RT @sarahlynnpablo : Citibank : your customer service sucks .
@tiniestkitten dude sheer fucking luck and my coworker 's Citibank card .
Today I realized that Citibank sucks ! Their customer service is horrible .
Upset with Citibank 's credit protector program , what a SHAM !
Ver bad customer response by #Citibank #fail ! ! ! !
Welcome to Tanzania ! ? Citibank Poor Credit Cards : Credit cards are accepted in hotels and restaurants , some very ..
Welcome to Tanzania ! ? Citibank Poor Credit Cards : The city is divided into four different areas : the &center& is ..
went into the city just to avoid an annoying ATM fee 
Whats wrong @ citibank .. charging $$ for checking a/c now .
where can I get a credit card with bad credit ?
Why did Professor Obama force Citi Bank to give bad loans to minorities ?
Why did Professor Obama sue Citi Bank to force them to give bad loans ?
Why do I need to verify my nric with the fucking telemarketer frm citibank to remove my mobile frm their calling list ? ? ?
Why do not citibank have their number on the ATM #fail
Why is Citi Bank even allowed traders exactly ? What a mess of a firm .
why is it so hard to get in touch with the Citibank customer service personnel ? or am I calling the wrong number ?
Worst experience with #Citibank service ...
Wow Citibank sure has the worst interest rates ever
Wtf ... #citibank playing FUCKING GAMES wit my interest ... !"